Create Rule “disagreeing-with-powerful-stakeholders/rule” (#8198)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/disagreeing-with-powerful-stakeholders/rule.md

---
type: rule
title: Stakeholder Management - Do you know how to disagree with someone more
  powerful?
uri: disagreeing-with-powerful-stakeholders
authors:
  - title: Piers Sinclair
    url: https://ssw.com.au/people/piers-sinclair/
related: []
created: 2024-03-21T04:59:07.597Z
guid: 2848c2b5-28cc-475f-ab24-0983f8d38b5a
---

> Disagreeing with powerful stakeholders can have a huge impact. A poorly worded disagreement can result in misalignment, confusion or frustration. That's why it's crucial to have strategies for framing your messages in a way that ensures both sides are aligned and expresses your ideas effectively.
>             

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disagreeing with powerful stakeholders can have a huge impact. A poorly worded disagreement can result in misalignment, confusion or frustration. That's why it's crucial to frame your messages in a way that ensures both sides are aligned and expresses your ideas effectively.
            
```

---
type: rule
title: Stakeholder Management - Do you know how to disagree with someone more
  powerful?
uri: disagreeing-with-powerful-stakeholders
authors:
  - title: Piers Sinclair
    url: https://ssw.com.au/people/piers-sinclair/
related: []
created: 2024-03-21T04:59:07.597Z
guid: 2848c2b5-28cc-475f-ab24-0983f8d38b5a
---
Disagreeing with powerful stakeholders can have a huge impact. A poorly worded disagreement can result in misalignment, confusion or frustration. That's why it's crucial to have strategies for framing your messages in a way that ensures both sides are aligned and expresses your ideas effectively.
            

> Disagreeing with powerful stakeholders can have a huge impact. A poorly worded disagreement can result in misalignment, confusion, or frustration. That's why it's crucial to have strategies for framing your messages in a way that ensures both sides are aligned and expresses your ideas effectively.
>             

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
